Update unified_service_tagging.md (#23262)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/tagging/unified_service_tagging.md

3. Configure your environment that corresponds to your container orchestration service based on either full configuration or partial configuration as detailed below.

> #### Automatic version tagging for containerized environments

Reviewer: Any reason to not include the information in the Kubernetes/Docker/ECS section and add that DD_ENV is optional in these env?

You can use the `version` tag to [monitor deployments][17] and to identify faulty code deployments through [Automatic Faulty Deployment Detection][16].

> Datadog sets the `version` tag for you if the following criteria are met:  

Reviewer: it's a hard to parse. What do you think about adding a simple table with the order of priority and the value used?

1. You do not set version yourself. If `version` is set, Datadog does not override your `version` value.
2. Your service runs in a containerized environment, or you have enabled Git in the Datadog tracer. If you want to learn how to enable Git in the tracer, read the [Embed Git information in your build artifacts][18] documentation. 

When those criteria are met, Datadog can set the`version` automatically:
1. If both `{image_tag} and {git_commit_sha}` are available, `version` is set to {image_tag}_{git_commit_sha}.
2. If only one tag is available then that tag's value is be used. For example: 'version' is set to only `{image_tag}` or `{git_commit_sha}`. 

> 

Reviewer: We also need to give the information on the minimum version where version can be automatically filled

#### Configuration

##### Automatic version tagging for containerized environments
You can use the `version` tag to [monitor deployments][17] and to identify faulty code deployments through [Automatic Faulty Deployment Detection][18].

Datadog sets the `version` tag for you in the following priority order. If you manually set `version`, Datadog does not override your `version` value.

| Priority         | Version Value |
|--------------|------------|
| 1    |  {your version value}       |

> | 2   | {image_tag}_{git_commit_sha}       |

Reviewer 2: Do we want to clarify that it's only the first 7 digits of the SHA?

Author: Updated

| 3         |  {image_tag} or {git_commit_sha} if only one is available      |

> You need to install Datadog Agent Version 7.52.0 or greater and enable Git in the tracer to fully enable automatic version tagging. You can learn how to enable Git in the tracer by reading [Embed Git information in your build artifacts][19] 

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can spell this out more clearly? The git integration is recommended but not absolutely required.

Requirements:
- Datadog Agent Version 7.52.0
- If running containerized and `image_tag` suffices, no further configuration necessary
- If not running containerized or if you'd also like to have the git SHA included, (embed Git information...)

Then again the simplest direction might be best.

Author: Updated

#### Configuration

##### Automatic version tagging for containerized environments
You can use the `version` tag to [monitor deployments][17] and to identify faulty code deployments through [Automatic Faulty Deployment Detection][18].

Datadog sets the `version` tag for you in the following priority order. If you manually set `version`, Datadog does not override your `version` value.

| Priority         | Version Value |
|--------------|------------|
| 1    |  {your version value}       |
| 2   | {image_tag}_{first_7_digits_of_git_commit_sha}       |
| 3         |  {image_tag} or {first_7_digits_of_git_commit_sha} if only one is available      |

Requirements: 
- Datadog Agent Version 7.52.0 or greater

> - If running containerized and `image_tag` suffices, no further configuration necessary

Reviewer 2: Ah you used my literal wording 😆 

Maybe
> If your services run in a containerized environment and `image_tag` is sufficient for tracking new version deployments, no further configuration is needed

And then
> If your services are not running in a containerized environment, or if you'd also like to have ... (same as it is now)

Author: Updated

If you deployed the Datadog Cluster Agent with [Admission Controller][1] enabled, the Admission Controller mutates the pod manifests and injects all required environment variables (based on configured mutation conditions). In that case, manual configuration of `DD_` environment variables in pod manifests is unnecessary. For more information, see the [Admission Controller documentation][1].

##### Automatic version tagging for containerized environments
You can use the `version` tag to [monitor deployments][7] and to identify faulty code deployments through [Automatic Faulty Deployment Detection][8].

Datadog sets the `version` tag for you in the following priority order. If you manually set `version`, Datadog does not override your `version` value.

| Priority         | Version Value |
|--------------|------------|
| 1    |  {your version value}       |
| 2   | {image_tag}_{first_7_digits_of_git_commit_sha}       |
| 3         |  {image_tag} or {first_7_digits_of_git_commit_sha} if only one is available      |

Requirements: 

> - Datadog Agent Version 7.52.0 or greater
> - If running containerized and `image_tag` suffices, no further configuration necessary
> - If not running containerized or if you'd also like to have the git SHA included, [embed Git information in your build artifacts][9] 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Datadog Agent Version 7.52.0 or greater
- If your services run in a containerized environment and `image_tag` is sufficient for tracking new version deployments, no further configuration is needed
- If your services are not running in a containerized environment, or if you'd also like to have the git SHA included, [embed Git information in your build artifacts][9] 
```

```yaml
com.datadoghq.tags.env
com.datadoghq.tags.service
# com.datadoghq.tags.version #Uncomment this line to manually tag your version
```

As explained in the full configuration, these labels can be set in a Dockerfile or as arguments for launching the container.
 

[1]: /tracing/services/deployment_tracking/
[2]: /watchdog/faulty_deployment_detection/
[3]: /integrations/guide/source-code-integration/?tab=go#embed-git-information-in-your-build-artifacts

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "ECS" %}}

##### Automatic version tagging for containerized environments
You can use the `version` tag to [monitor deployments][1] and to identify faulty code deployments through [Automatic Faulty Deployment Detection][2].

Datadog sets the `version` tag for you in the following priority order. If you manually set `version`, Datadog does not override your `version` value.

| Priority         | Version Value |
|--------------|------------|
| 1    |  {your version value}       |
| 2   | {image_tag}_{first_7_digits_of_git_commit_sha}       |
| 3         |  {image_tag} or {first_7_digits_of_git_commit_sha} if only one is available      |

Requirements: 
- Datadog Agent Version 7.52.0 or greater

> - If running containerized and `image_tag` suffices, no further configuration necessary
> - If not running containerized or if you'd also like to have the git SHA included, [embed Git information in your build artifacts][3] 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If your services run in a containerized environment and `image_tag` is sufficient for tracking new version deployments, no further configuration is needed
- If your services are not running in a containerized environment, or if you'd also like to have the git SHA included, [embed Git information in your build artifacts][3] 
```

##### Full configuration

> Set the `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION` (optional with automatic version tagging)  environment variables and corresponding Docker labels in the runtime environment of each service's container to get the full range of unified service tagging. For instance, you can set all of this configuration in one place through your ECS task definition:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Set the `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION` (optional with automatic version tagging) environment variables and corresponding Docker labels in the runtime environment of each service's container to get the full range of unified service tagging. For instance, you can set all of this configuration in one place through your ECS task definition:
```

              fieldPath: metadata.labels['tags.datadoghq.com/version']
```

{{< /collapse-content >}} 

[1]: /agent/cluster_agent/admission_controller/
[2]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/downward-api-volume-expose-pod-information/#capabilities-of-the-downward-api
[3]: /agent/kubernetes/data_collected/#kube-state-metrics
[4]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/kubernetes_state/datadog_checks/kubernetes_state/data/conf.yaml.example
[5]: /tracing/send_traces/
[6]: /integrations/statsd/

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Docker" %}}

> {{< collapse-content title="Set up with automatic version tagging" level="h4" >}}

Reviewer: Is there a way to make this opened by default when clicking on the Docker tab? It is strange to have to make a choice between automatic and manual version tagging without recommendation

Author: I couldn't make it open by default, but I just took it out of the collapsable section to make sure the user can see it. The manual instructions are now collapsed

```

As explained in the full configuration, these labels can be set in a Dockerfile or as arguments for launching the container.
{{< /collapse-content >}} 

[1]: /tracing/services/deployment_tracking/
[2]: /watchdog/faulty_deployment_detection/
[3]: /integrations/guide/source-code-integration/?tab=go#embed-git-information-in-your-build-artifacts

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "ECS" %}}

#### Set up with automatic version tagging

> ##### Full configuration

Reviewer 2: `Set up automatic version tagging` is the section but I don't see anything about version below? Is this an oversight?

Author: I changed the structure so this doesn't apply anymore
